README.md, before:

# Tadman
_Some Package Manager Written in Python_

This is a (universal?) package manager that is currently in developement. It is being designed to act as wrapper for basic commands like the autotools build process and CMake. It will also be written in (_hopefully_) pure python, and have very few dependencies.


### Dependencies

The only dependencies so far are:
+ Python 3 (_obviously_)
+ click, a Python CLI module (You can find it [here](http://click.pocoo.org/6/).)

Some optional dependencies are:
+ CMake, to build CMake projects (You can find it [here](https://cmake.org/).)

### Execution

Tadman should make building from source code easier. Right now, there is no system in place to build a Tadman executable or even install the scripts. Until then, you can test it by running the following:

    $ git clone https://github.com/KeepPositive/Tadman.git
    $ cd Tadman
    $ python3 tadman_main.py [PATH_TO_SOURCE_CODE]'

It _should_ print out some small lists of the configure options available for the program you wish to install. A way to edit these options and run the configure script is coming soon.

Commit message:

Added initial GTK interface
After some long and hard work, Ian Swerve and I have formulated a basic interface for Tadman. And so far, it is really great! It contains most of the features I initially had in mind. There are still a few things missing though:
    + A search feature, which does not look solely at the beginning of the line.
    + The ability to add a phrase to the end of an option, especially those which have an equals on their rear, which can be passed multiple different options.
    + Another page with entry boxes for editing standard install directories.
    + The name of the program you are configuring in the information panel.

But all in all, progress is moving along quite nicely. Until next time!
                                ~ Love, Ted M.

README.md, after:

# Tadman
_Some Package Manager Written in Python_

This is a (universal?) package manager that is currently in developement. It is being designed to act as wrapper for basic commands like the autotools build process and CMake. It will also be written in (_hopefully_) pure python, and have very few dependencies.


### Dependencies

The only dependencies so far are:
+ Python 3 (_obviously_)
+ click, a Python CLI module (You can find it [here](http://click.pocoo.org/6/))
+ pygobject, for the GTK+ 3 interface

Some optional dependencies are:
+ CMake, to build CMake projects (You can find it [here](https://cmake.org/))

### Execution

Tadman should make building from source code easier. Right now, there is no system in place to build a Tadman executable or even install the scripts. Until then, you can test it by running the following:

$ git clone https://github.com/KeepPositive/Tadman.git
$ cd Tadman
$ python3 tadman_main.py [PATH_TO_SOURCE_CODE]'

It _should_ open a small list of configuration options available for the program you wish to install. Try checking some of them off and then hitting the run button! It should print a list of the options you just chose, no matter if it is Autotools or CMake based.
